[DOCS] Cloud docs for built-in actions (#11338)
great-expectations/great_expectations: docs/docusaurus/docs/cloud/overview/gx_cloud_overview.md

* **Schedule Validations.** GX Cloud enables you to schedule validations, so that you can test and assess your data on a regular cadence and monitor data quality over time. See [Manage schedules](/cloud/schedules/manage_schedules.md) for more detail.

> * **Alerting.** GX Cloud provides the ability to send alerts when validations fail, enabling your organization to remain proactively aware of the health of your Data Assets. See [Responding to alerts](/cloud/alerts/alerts_lp.md) for more detail.

Reviewer: the link text here is a mashup of a couple different page names. here's a suggestion to use the name of the link destination

```suggestion
* **Alerting.** GX Cloud provides the ability to send alerts when validations fail, enabling your organization to remain proactively aware of the health of your Data Assets. See [Respond to results](/cloud/alerts/alerts_lp.md) for more detail.
```

> * **Alerting.** GX Cloud provides the ability to send alerts when validations fail, enabling your organization to remain proactively aware of the health of your Data Assets. See [Responding to results](/cloud/alerts/alerts_lp.md) for more detail.

Reviewer: Thanks for changing the last word of this link text. I still think it would be best to [match the page name verbatim](https://github.com/great-expectations/great_expectations/pull/11338#discussion_r2304586385). Do you think continuous tense is better than matching the page name here for some reason?

```suggestion
* **Alerting.** GX Cloud provides the ability to send alerts when validations fail, enabling your organization to remain proactively aware of the health of your Data Assets. See [Respond to results](/cloud/alerts/alerts_lp.md) for more detail.
```
